Bring the changes to current version (#1080)
genesiscommunitysuccess/docs: versioned_docs/version-2023.1/01_getting-started/03_go-to-the-next-level/13_charting.md

For further configuration examples please see: [here](https://g2plot.antv.vision/en/examples/gallery).

## Integration into home template

> You can add it into the flex layout from previous sections of the tutorial like the following:

Reviewer: @wjhendry 
```suggestion
You can now integrate the chart into the existing flex layout we have made from the previous tutorial sections, and end up with the following markup:
```
